[docs] speedscope reporting fix (#16346)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/references/cli/client.mdx

When looking at the profile in speedscope, there are three different views available from the top left menu: **Timer Order**,
**Left Heavy**, and **Sandwich**. In each view, each bar's vertical width corresponds to the percentage of gas consumption incurred by the function,

> and you can hover your mouse over a bar or click a bar to see the computational power the relevant call used in relation to the rest of the call stack. Although not a one to one relationship, the percentage of use roughly translates to the percentage of total gas the call is responsible for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and you can hover your mouse over a bar or click a bar to see the computation units accrued by the function invocation. The transaction's total computation units, along with the storage computation units, are multiplied by the gas price to determine the gas cost of the transaction based on a tier system.
```

Reviewer: I speak in passive voice a lot, the result of not always thinking in English, sorry!

Author: Don't be sorry. I think people just say that active voice sounds better to make it more difficult on those that don't always think in English. Technically, I think this is the proper use of passive voice anyway because it stresses "computation units" and no one cares about function invocation, so ship it. Thanks!
